Update worker.md (#420)
ldtteam/MinecoloniesWiki: source/systems/worker.md

---
# Worker System

<p style="text-align:center; font-size:20pt;"><img src="../../assets/images/misc/Sleep.png" alt="Sleep"><b> If it is raining, snowing, nighttime, or a citizen died yesterday (in-game time), your citizens will stop working!</b></p>

## Workers' Skill Levels

> Worker's skills will level up with each task they undertake.The higher a worker's level, the faster and more efficient they will be. Their level is limited by the level of the worker's home. The level of a worker's work hut and their Intelligence affect their work speed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workers' skills level up as they work. The higher a worker's level, the faster and more efficient they will be. Their level is limited by the level of the worker's home. The level of a worker's work hut and their Intelligence skill level affect the speed that they level up.
```

It's not how fast they work, it's how fast they level up.

## Tool/Sword Levels

> The of tools/swords the workers can use depends on the level of a worker's work hut.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The type of tools/swords workers can use depends on the level of a worker's work hut.
```

| Diamond       | 15 - 99     | 4 - 5       |

## Traits

> When hiring a worker at a hut, the primary trait used in that work will be highlighted in **green**, and the secondary trait in **yellow**, to help you decide which citizen is the best worker for the job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When hiring a worker at a hut, the primary trait used in that work will be highlighted in **green** and the secondary trait in **yellow** to help you decide which citizen is the best worker for the job.
```
